It is a lovely sunny morning.
And Daddy Pig is reading his news paper.
Daddy what are you doing?
I'm reading the newspaper.
You are making a funny sound.
I'm whistling! Uh!
Whistling is fun. You should try it!
I don't know how to.
It's easy! Just put
your lips together and blow!
Try making a smaller" o" shape.
Like this!
And then you could whistle a tune.
Oh, I've got the wrong kind of mouth.
Your mouth is fine!
You just need to practice.
It's impossible!
It takes time to learn
how to do important things
like riding a bicycle or playing the piano.
It took me years to
learn how to wiggle my ears.Wow!
Mommy Pig is in
the kitchen making cookies.
What are you doing, Peppa?
I'm learning to whistle.
Oh, I see.
Mommy, can you whistle?
I don't know. I've never tried.
It takes a lot of practice.Oh, yes!
Mommy Pig can whistle.
You can whistle
because you are old, mommy.
Thank you, Peppa.
George is in the bedroom,
playing with his toy rocket.
George, I'm learning to whistle.
You make an "o "
shape with your mouth and blow.
Don't worry George.
It's almost
impossible like wiggling your ears.
George can wiggle his ears.
Whistling is harder.
George can whistle!
What's wrong, Peppa?
I can't whistle but everybody else can.
Never mind. I'm making cookies.
Would you like to lip a spoon?
No. Thank you. Mommy
Can I ring Suzie sheep instead?
Ok Peppa
Hello Mrs. Pig.
Hello Mrs. Sheep.
Can Peppa talk to Suzie please?
Hello Suzie.
Hello Peppa.
What're you doing?
I'm learning
to whistle but I can't do it yet.
That sounds hard!
It's impossible.
Uh…Can you whistle Suzie?No.
Oh good!
I mean that's
so difficult whistle. But good.
Because I can't whistle.
What's whistling anyway?
You put your lips together and blow.
Like this?
Hello? Peppa?
Good cookies are ready!
Oh! Goody! Cookies!
They will be hot!
You should blow on them first.
Do you not want cookie Peppa?
No, thank you mommy.
I think I might go outside
and be on my own for a little bit.
Can you whistle yet?
It's no use daddy.
I'm never going to whistle. Ever!
Have you been practicing?
Yes, lots.. But it doesn't work!
You need a little rest, Peppa.
Here have a cookie.
It's hot. You should blow.
Oh! What's that?
It sounded like a whistle to me!
What a lovely tune!
Peppa has learned how to whistle!
I can whistle!